N21: Fish game (#610)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/news/021/index.md

[micronaut-twitter]: https://twitter.com/healthire/status/1386468257125830662
[micronaut-ldjam]: https://ldjam.com/events/ludum-dare/48/micronaut

### [Fish game]

![Fish game](fishgame.gif)

[Fish game] is an online multiplayer game,
created in a collaboration between [Nakama][nakama], an open-source scalable
game server, and the [Macroquad][macroquad] game engine.

This month:

- [Fish game tutorial] got published.  
The tutorial breaks down the game codebase into steps, from setting

> up an empty macroquad project into building a platformer game. And
> than turn it into a multiplayer game with Nakama.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
up an empty macroquad project into building a platformer game, and
then turning it into a multiplayer game with Nakama.
```

> - [Web build][fishgame-itch] got live on itch.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Web build][fishgame-itch] went live on itch.io
```
